Create ui-c8y-1018-503-134-fixed-data-grid-group-dropdown-issues-7608.md (#2677)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1018-503-134-fixed-data-grid-group-dropdown-issues-7608.md

---
date: ""

> title: fixed data grid group dropdown issues (#7608)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Data grid group dropdown issues fixed
```

> title: fixed data grid group dropdown issues (#7608)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Data grid group column dropdown issues fixed (#7608)
```

> title: Data grid group column dropdown issues fixed (#7608)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Fixed layout issues with data grid group column dropdown
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4172
version: 1018.503.134
---

> fixed data grid group dropdown issues (#7608)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The data grid component had some issues with the group dropdown functionality which caused problems when trying to group data in the grid. This has now been fixed so that grouping data using the dropdown in the grid header works as expected. Users of data grids with grouping functionality will no longer experience problems when using the group dropdown.
```

> fixed data grid group dropdown issues (#7608)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data grid component had some issues with the group column dropdown. These were fixed by adjusting the dropdown scroll height in relation to the bottom footer and adding a shadow to the dropdown for increased contrast between user interface elements

> The data grid component had some issues with the group column dropdown. These were fixed by adjusting the dropdown scroll height in relation to the bottom footer and adding a shadow to the dropdown for increased contrast between user interface elements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data grid component had layout issues with the group column dropdown. These have been resolved by adjusting the dropdown scroll height in relation to the bottom footer and adding a shadow to the dropdown for increased contrast between user interface elements.
```
